The As-a-Service models shifted the need for costly, protracted implementations to subscription based technology designed to reduce upfront IT spend, enhance client 
flexibility, as well as give access to the latest technologies. All this is accomplished while the As-a-Service provider maintains their infrastructure entirely.

As-a-Service models include:
SaaS: Software as a Service, also known as cloud application services, represents the most commonly utilized option. SaaS utilizes the internet to deliver applications,
which are managed by a third-party vendor, to its users. A majority of SaaS applications run directly through your web browser, which means they do not require any
downloads or installations on the client side. Popular examples of SaaS include: Dropbox, Cisco WebEx.

PaaS: Platform as a Service, also known as Cloud platform services, provide cloud components to certain software while being used mainly for applications. PaaS delivers 
a framework for developers that they can build upon and use to create customized applications. All servers, storage, and networking can be managed by the enterprise or 
a third-party provider while the developers can maintain management of the applications. Popular examples of PaaS include: Windows Azurem Google App Engine

IaaS: Infrastructure as a Service, known as Cloud infrastructure services, are made of highly scalable and automated compute resources. IaaS is fully self-service for 
accessing and monitoring computers, networking, storage, and other services. IaaS allows businesses to purchase resources on-demand and as-needed instead of having to 
buy hardware outright. Popular examples of IaaS include: Linode, Amazon Web Services (AWS)

XaaS: Everything as a Service, refers to the highly-individualized, responsive, data-driven products and offerings that are fully controlled by customers—and the data 
they provide via everyday IoT-powered sources like cell phones and thermostats. XaaS include: Disaster Recovery as a Service (DRaaS), Communications as a Service (CaaS) 
and Network as a Service (NaaS).


